[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are with Richard Doty,
a retired special agent who
has served in the
Air Force Office
of Special Investigations
and was intimately involved
with UFO ET-related content.
Welcome, Richard.
>>RICHARD DOTY: Thank you.
>>EMERY: Well, you had direct
access to these reports
in the 1980s, where you learned
about several different ET
species.
Could you elaborate
on that for me?
>>RICHARD: I was briefed
into Project Amber Sun, which
was an investigation of captured
extraterrestrial creatures
we received by the
use of military
or by the US
intelligence service.
And the first one that I had
access to was a Trantaloid.
And that was the one I spoke
about some time ago having
escaped from Papoose
Lake Complex Alpha.
The second one is a Quadloid.
Quadloid was another
creature that we knew
and we had at Papoose Lake.
The third one was an Eben.
A Eben, of course,
is Eba one, Eba two,
the same alien race that
crashed at Roswell in 1947.
And the fourth one
is the Nordics.
The Nordics are the dangerous
ones, the hostile ones,
the ones that we kept a
close eye on, so to speak.
But the problem we had with
the extraterrestrial races,
if we hadn't captured
them, we didn't really
know how they operated.
There were probably
others visiting
Earth now and then
or more frequently
that we couldn't keep track of.
And those are the ones
that we had to worry about.
There's one other race.
It's the Greys.
It's different from the Ebens.
The Greys are the
ones that you see
in pictures on the internet.
They can be hostile at times,
but that's the fifth race.
>>EMERY: And are some of these
organic Greys also programmed
lifeforms, half
AI, half organic?
>>RICHARD: Yes, they are.
They call them humanoid robots.
Their textures and their
bodies are of a human,
but they were actually robotics.
And I think there
was an actual Grey
race that cloned these
robotic types that I was told
or I read into.
But that's pretty much all
I knew about the Greys.
>>EMERY: What was the
location of these species?
Where did they find them?
Was it off planet, on planet?
How did we acquire them?
>>RICHARD: They're
all on planet.
There were crash sites,
a number of crash sites
around the United
States and Canada.
We found the crafts, and
then we found the creatures
either inside or
outside the craft.
>>EMERY: So how do these
ETs communicate with us?
>>RICHARD: Well, as
far as communications
first between each
other, I think
there is some communications
and some cooperation
between the Trantaloids
and the Quadloids.
I think there is.
I've read where there
was cooperation.
The Trantaloids,
they didn't speak.
They used telepathy
as did the Quadloids.
The reptilians, they
could speak some English.
They could voice it.
It was very difficult for the
Americans to understand it,
but if they got
real close to them,
the abductees told me
they could understand
what they were saying.
>>EMERY: Was it like
a whisper or a growl?
Or was it like us?
Is it a deep voice?
A high squelch?
>>RICHARD: More like a growl.
>>EMERY: Mm-hmm.
The Ebens, of course,
they learned English.
And some of them had
a voice box planted,
so they could understand
and speak and communicate.
And the Greys, it
was all telepathy.
They didn't speak any.
In fact, I don't
think the Greys--
ever heard of Greys making any
sounds but high-pitch squeaks.
The Nordics could speak English.
They could imitate English
and other languages, not just
English.
I mean, there were
instances that I
knew about where they spoke
Spanish from along the US
border and the Mexico border.
I've heard of instances
where they spoke German.
And to a person in the United
States but of German descent,
they spoke German
to that person.
So they could speak languages,
English and other languages.
>>EMERY: Could you break
it down, each one of them,
to what they looked like,
their customs, and what
is their mission?
>>RICHARD: Well, I just
know what they look like.
The Trantaloids are the
praying mantis type.
And I believe there are some
different sizes, not just
the real tall ones.
Their nourishment's
different than ours,
so their bodies are
very, very slender.
Other than Ebens, I don't
believe any of the others
actually consume our
type of nourishment.
But the Ebens can.
The Ebens can eat our food
and limited mostly vegetables.
All these five races,
they can breathe our air.
The Greys-- I know very
little about the Greys.
And I know very little
about the Nordics.
Although, they are
the tall humanoids.
They look like Swedes or
Norwegians or Nordics.
And they're the hostile type.
The Quadloids are
somewhat hideous looking.
They're tall,
long-faced, deep eyes.
>>EMERY: Is this the
reptilian race they speak of?
>>RICHARD: Yes, they are.
They have the reptilian
skin, reptilian-looking head,
the same skin on their body
that's on their head and face,
and they have complicated eyes.
They do have a nose.
They can breathe our air.
Their mouth is small.
And they have two openings
for ears inside their head.
They're the ones
that are, we think,
abducting more people than
any other alien races,
the reptilians.
They're the ones that
scare the most people.
>>EMERY: Where are they from?
>>RICHARD: I'm not sure
where they're from.
>>EMERY: And why do you
think they're visiting us?
>>RICHARD: Space exploration.
And I believe they're
harvesting our female eggs.
And I think they're
harvesting our male sperm.
I think they're
trying to manipulate
and trying to create clones.
>>EMERY: Have you ever read
any document or briefing
that has stated that?
>>RICHARD: Yes, I did.
>>EMERY: And was that
through OSI or who?
>>RICHARD: That was
through Amber Sun.
>>EMERY: Amber Sun Project?
>>RICHARD: Project Amber Sun.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
>>RICHARD: They had a
small paragraph for each.
And they believe--
even in the 50s.
I mean, in the
80s, they believed
that the reptilians
were the ones that
were doing most of the
abductions trying to manipulate
the DNA of humans.
>>EMERY: Did you ever
interview any civilians
that were abducted by
the reptilian race?
>>RICHARD: Yes, I interviewed
a couple that were.
>>EMERY: Is there
anything that stood out
you could share with us?
>>RICHARD: They were more
aggressive towards the human.
They were very mean.
But they didn't harm them.
The people that I interviewed--
and it was only two of them,
abductees--
they weren't harmed in any way.
And what they did to them,
they quickly healed them.
But they were very
mean-spirited.
They were very rough with them.
But they never permanently
harmed any of them.
>>EMERY: Did these abductees
ever talk about smells
from this race?
>>RICHARD: Yes.
They were horrible smelling.
The reptilians were
like a pungent odor--
>>EMERY: Putrid.
>>RICHARD: --that they couldn't
ever forget or alleviate.
It was just horrible smelling.
They think that the smell
was emanating from the body.
>>EMERY: Do they
have the ability
to shape-shift,
these reptilians?
>>RICHARD: I don't know.
I've never thought of that.
I never read anything where
they could shape-shift.
>>EMERY: Have you
heard of anything
like they have special
psionic abilities to mind
control leaders of power
and influential people
in your briefings?
>>RICHARD: I think they could.
But the Nordics were more
apt at doing that as I read.
I didn't read about any
other race manipulating
the human mind but the Nordics.
The Nordics, it was
reported they could
manipulate the human mind.
>>EMERY: Would you
say the Nordics
are more advanced than
the reptilian race?
>>RICHARD: I would say yes.
They trick people.
They tricked the people
thinking that they're humans.
And then one particular
abductee told me
she was thoroughly
convinced this guy was
going to be her lover for life,
and then he changed appearance.
And she was scared to death.
And he told her in
pure English, you're
going to be mine forever, but
not in the way you want to be.
>>EMERY: Wow.
>>RICHARD: They could change.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>RICHARD: Yeah.
They could change appearances.
And she was abducted, and
she was continuously being
abducted by that same Nordic.
>>EMERY: Did you do
any testing on her?
>>RICHARD: I think we put her
in hypnosis, but that was it.
>>EMERY: And how do you
decipher between who--
there's so many
abductees out there.
I mean, how do you decipher?
Is it just because of
if it has something
to do with national security,
then you were called in,
and then you investigate
this civilian?
>>RICHARD: Well,
she was a civilian,
but she was a wife of
an Air Force captain.
And that's why we got involved.
Almost all our investigations
into abductions on people
are-- they have to have some
connection to the military
or to the intelligence
community.
But she was-- this one
was a captain's wife.
And she had horrible,
horrible encounters with this.
And she was believable.
She was believable.
>>EMERY: You believe she
was telling the truth.
>>RICHARD: Yes, yes.
>>EMERY: Rick, we've been
talking about the Nordics now.
I know something happened
in Russia over there.
Could you please tell
me what that's about?
>>RICHARD: Well, in 1982,
there was an incident south
of Moscow, where a craft
landed and abducted
some schoolchildren.
And we, the US intelligence,
knew some things about it.
We didn't know
everything about it.
Some of our deep cover agents
inside Moscow heard about it,
but they didn't
know more about it.
So US intelligence
launched an operation
to try to gather more evidence.
And we did.
We were able to contact
the right people,
get our assets into
the right location.
And the person,
a police officer,
a Russian police officer who
witnessed this and actually
chased the craft
in his vehicle--
although the craft flew away--
was able to provide
us more information.
The children were
recovered sometime later,
about four or five days later.
They recovered at a location
hundreds of kilometers
away from where
they were abducted.
And Brezhnev was the premier for
the Soviet Union at the time.
And he ordered the military,
the Air Defense Force,
to shoot down any
kind of aircraft
that was spotted over the Soviet
Union that wasn't identified.
And sure enough,
up near Siberia,
the Russians shot down a craft
similar to the one abducted.
And in that craft were Nordics.
We found out about that--
found out about
it after the fact.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>RICHARD: It was always after
the fact that we found it out.
So the Russians are
experienced the same things
that we are experienced
at least with the Nordics.
And that's one
incident I know about.
>>EMERY: What is
the relationship now
with these five
species that we have?
>>RICHARD: Well,
when I left in '88,
we had a good relationship
with the Ebens.
And we had somewhat a working
relationship with the others.
But we couldn't control
them unless we captured one.
And they were so far
advanced in technology
that there's just no way we
could keep track of them,
so they did pretty much
what they wanted to do.
One of the things
the Ebens said--
Eba two told us was, we're
not abducting anyone.
Everyone that we
visit are volunteers.
So if the Ebens are-- and I'm
sure they are making contact
secretly with humans--
it's not so much an abduction.
It's more or less a volunteer,
volunteering their bodies
for research.
And I don't know if they're
witting or unwitting in that
or not.
>>EMERY: What are
the relationships
with these five types of
beings with our governments?
Are they freely
coming back and forth?
Are we still in negotiations?
Are we still working
with programs with them?
>>RICHARD: I think-- I
don't know for a fact,
because I was not at that
part of an access program
to know all those questions.
But knowing what others have
told me and what I've seen,
we had to have some sort of
interaction with these races
at one time or another.
And I think we did have, but if
you ask me if we actually did,
I can't say whether
we did or not.
>>EMERY: Are you aware
of in your briefings--
I was privy to
some briefings that
stated that back in the day,
they were doing exchanges.
They were also exchanging
equipment, all sorts of gear.
Do you know anything about that?
>>RICHARD: The only thing
I know about is that we
had gifts from the races.
And the only thing I
actually read about
was that the races
gave us gifts.
And the gifts were crafts.
They gave us some crafts.
>>EMERY: And there's no
contract involved with that?
They were gifts.
>>RICHARD: Yeah, as far as
I know, they were gifts.
That's the only thing I read,
that the extraterrestrial races
had provided the United
States government with gifts.
>>EMERY: And the United
States government,
would they inform
the military of this
or give it to the major
corporations that kind of run
the planet?
>>RICHARD: No, the
military would keep it.
DARPA would end up with it.
It would be too
complex, underground.
And we'd be trying to
reverse engineer it.
In Area 51, one of the
things I need to explain
is there's two separate
scientific and engineering
sections out there.
One is we are creating the
new technology from US minds.
The other is we are reverse
engineering technology
from the extraterrestrials,
the items they've given us.
Now, we not only received
crafts from them,
we've received other
things from them--
objects, energy
devices, weapon systems,
a propulsion system
that we still
can't understand that
they gave it to us.
And we just can't understand it.
The craft--
>>EMERY: No instruction
book included.
>>RICHARD: No instruction
Here it is, US.
And you're going
to figure it out,
because your technology's
advanced as ours,
and we'll give it to you.
And you're going
to figure it out
in maybe 50 years
or 1,000 years.
>>EMERY: You don't believe we've
already figured it out today?
I mean, we've had a lot of
this stuff for a long time.
I'm wondering why it's
not being released
in a safe and effective way
to help clean up our planet.
>>RICHARD: I think
after years-- it's
been 30-something years since
I left government service.
I think we've probably
progressed a lot
to where we understand a
lot of their technology
where we didn't
understand it years ago.
And I think that when we
bring out that technology
and try to make it work or
try to reverse engineer it,
we're ahead more now
than we were in the past.
>>EMERY: All right.
So are you aware of any of
these downed craft in oceans
or in middle Earth
or in cave systems?
>>RICHARD: I just know one
that happened in Lake Erie.
A UFO had crashed in Lake Erie.
It was witnessed by a
number of different people.
I believe it was even on the old
mystery program some years ago.
And the Coast Guard went
out and spotted and located
where this craft was.
It was in--
I can't remember how deep.
It was pretty deep.
So a Navy ship had to come up
through the St. Lawrence River
into Lake Erie and
actually recover it.
And that craft was then
transported to Area 51.
Ironically, there wasn't
any creatures aboard.
>>EMERY: Was it intact?
>>RICHARD: It was intact.
It crashed in Lake Erie.
Somehow-- and I don't know
if anybody knows this.
I don't know how the
creatures got out of it.
>>EMERY: They
teletransported somewhere.
>>RICHARD: Maybe
they teletransported,
but they believed it
was a reptilian craft.
>>EMERY: Oh, they do?
>>RICHARD: It was similar
to what the reptilians had.
And one of the
things we do know is
we do know-- if we get a craft
and there wasn't any ETs in it,
we've had so many that
we could tell which
race was flying that craft.
>>EMERY: Right.
A lot of them send
out these empty drones
to go check things out, and we
shoot them down or they crash
and there's nothing there.
>>RICHARD: That could
be what happened.
That very well could
One particular was a craft
that was embedded into bedrock.
They figured it must have
crashed about 60 million years
ago, because it was
in a bedrock that
had been on Earth for years,
I mean, millions of years.
>>EMERY: Was it fossilized?
>>RICHARD: No, the
craft wasn't fossilized.
The craft was huge, probably
30 or 40 foot in diameter.
It was found up in Idaho
at an archaeological dig
for dinosaur bones.
Discovered it.
They saw this big piece
of metal sticking out.
And as they started digging
more and more and more and more,
they realized, this
is something else.
This is a craft.
So they immediately
notified the government.
The government came in, shut
down their archaeological site.
They transported the craft back
to Area 51 at the S2 complex,
and they opened the craft.
And it took them some
time to open up the craft.
Inside the craft
were dead aliens,
but they were some species
that they'd never seen before.
It was more like a tall Nordic
with an extraterrestrial head.
The head was really large.
The body of these creatures
were somewhat of a human.
They had hands and
thumbs, but the heads
were entirely different.
They had large heads.
They had eyes that
were very complex.
Another thing that was odd
is the bodies were dead,
but they hadn't deteriorated.
Something occurred
inside that spacecraft
that preserved those creatures.
>>EMERY: Like mummified
them in a way.
>>RICHARD: Mummified
them inside the--
>>EMERY: Could you see
the skin texture at all?
>>RICHARD: I didn't see them.
I just read about them.
>>EMERY: I mean,
in the briefing--
>>RICHARD: Yeah.
Yeah, they--
>>EMERY: --did they mention they
were scaly skin, regular skin,
smooth?
>>RICHARD: They were scaly
skin, almost like fish skin
they described it as.
They had almost two sets of eyes
and an eyeball in front and one
in the back.
During the autopsy,
they figured that out.
And that was recovered,
I believe, back
in the mid 80s or so.
>>EMERY: Where's that
craft located today?
>>RICHARD: The last time I
knew, it was still at Area 51.
>>EMERY: Do you know if the
propulsion units or anything
in the craft still work?
>>RICHARD: I don't know.
I was never briefed on that.
I'm not sure if
it worked or not.
But if something is sat
around for 65 million years,
estimating the Earth around
it was 65 million years old,
so this thing crashed and
had been covered with dirt
over that period of time.
It's amazing that something
was flying around Earth
65 million years ago.
>>EMERY: Is it possible it could
have teletransported itself
into bedrock just a few
days before they found it?
>>RICHARD: I guess
that's possible.
That's very possible.
Never thought of that.
>>EMERY: Over the five races
we've been talking about,
what's the benevolence
of each race?
And are they wanting
something from us?
Or are they just here to help?
>>RICHARD: I think each
race is here for themselves.
They have something
to gain, whether it
be in manipulating our DNA,
cloning humans, gathering
fertile eggs from
females or semen
from males, experimenting
with our animals,
with different toxins and stuff.
But they're here for themselves.
There's something
on Earth for them,
and they wouldn't be here.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>RICHARD: And I think
every one of them
has something in the
game for themselves.
The only one that's probably
benevolent that I'm not sure
would fit that category
would be the Ebens.
But then you look at what
they said about abducting--
they don't abduct.
They ask our people
to voluntarily submit
to examination.
So you figure out that
they're in this for something.
Every one of those five alien
races are in for themselves.
>>EMERY: Are you
aware of anything
that we want from them,
such as technology?
>>RICHARD: Just technology.
I think that's the big plan.
And probably information
about the universe.
I mean, even just
before I got out,
NASA became involved
in the program.
They got some people
briefed into the program.
And they came to a meeting.
And NASA wanted to know
specific in regarding
to Amber Sun what these
extraterrestrials are
saying about the universe.
What's out there?
How are they traveling?
How can they get from
one planet to another?
Is it just their technology?
Their propulsion system is
more advanced than ours?
What are they finding?
Are the quasars the same
in this part of the--
these type of questions
are being asked.
And that was in 1988.
I'm sure those same questions
are being asked today.
>>EMERY: With the five ET types
that we've been talking about,
did we learn anything about
the physics of our universe?
>>RICHARD: Well, if
you believe Serpo,
and you believe what the crew
members that came back told us
about Serpo--
the crew members, the team
that went up there to Serpo,
found out that the
physics on that planet
is not the same as
physics on Earth.
There's so many things
that are different.
Just Kepler's theory, they
mentioned is not accurate.
You can't use Kepler's
theory of the gravity,
because gravity's different--
>>EMERY: Different.
>>RICHARD: --in Serpo.
So that's not the same.
So you can't use the same.
So there are some things that
we learned from the Ebens
about the physics
different in the universe.
And I'm sure we probably
gained information
from the other races
that we had in captivity,
but I didn't have privy to that.
>>EMERY: So in the 1980s,
Director Williams Casey
of the CIA did brief
President Reagan on something.
Could you talk about that?
>>RICHARD: He briefed Reagan
on the exchange program.
He briefed Reagan
on the types of ETs
that the United
States knew about.
And he briefed Reagan on
the technologies that we got
and we were trying to
reverse from the ETs.
>>EMERY: Were there
any additional races
mentioned in those
briefings that you were not
familiar with?
>>RICHARD: There probably were.
There probably were
other races that they
might have known about.
But maybe over
the years, there's
been more that has visited
that we know about.
I'm not going to deny that
I might not know about them.
But I have friends still within
the intelligence community.
And what they're-- one,
my very, very best friend,
who I just spoke to two days
ago before I came on your show,
he told me when I was talking
about the same subject--
and I asked him point blank, how
many alien races have visited
Earth that we know about?
He said five.
I said just five?
Because I've read on the
internet and I've read in books
there are 50 or 60
different races.
He said we, the United
States government,
knows of these five
races, only five.
Now maybe the
Russians know more.
Maybe the Chinese know more.
But we, the United States,
only know of these five races.
>>EMERY: So he's still
doing active investigations?
>>RICHARD: He's doing
active investigations.
>>EMERY: Wow.
>>RICHARD: Unfortunately,
because I'm out,
he doesn't tell me about
his investigations.
Although he hints
to some things.
>>EMERY: So tell us
about the confusion
and misinformation out there
online with all these races.
>>RICHARD: Well,
people's perception--
every person has a different
perception of something.
An abductee will get abducted
by an alien race, some alien,
and their explanation of what
they were abducted by is going
to be different than
somebody else's.
So a UFO investigator,
a field investigator,
a non-military investigator,
non-intelligence investigator
would take their
description and try
to categorize that
description with some kind
of an alien race.
And there are some-- and
there was one particular one
at a UFO convention some
years ago, a writer.
I can't remember his name.
But he told us that--
he said this to us.
He said, you know what?
I believe what you're saying.
The Trantaloids can
be to one person
15 different things
than the other person.
To you, if you're
abducted by a Trantaloid,
you're looking at
a praying mantis.
To me, I might not know
what a praying mantis was.
Never seen one, so I'm going to
interpret it as something else.
So that's, I think, one of
the reasons why there's so
many different categories
of ETs that are abducting
or that are visiting Earth.
>>EMERY: By being
exposed to these five
extraterrestrial
types, has it affected
you and your life in any way?
>>RICHARD: Well,
the only thing that
affects me is what the Ebens
said about visiting Earth
2,000 years ago.
I was raised a Catholic.
In fact, I spent a year in a
monastery before I got out.
But it kind of makes me
think about our religion.
And not just Catholic
religion, but other religions--
>>EMERY: Right, sure.
>>RICHARD: --because
most believe in God.
Christians believe in God
and believe in Jesus Christ.
And I still think about that.
That still affects me, but
none of the other ones do.
None of the other races
that I think about.
Although I certainly
wouldn't want to be abducted.
And I don't know what the
category ET chooses in a person
to be abducted, but I certainly
wouldn't want to be abducted.
But I have a lot of
sympathy for people
who are legitimately abducted.
>>EMERY: Why do you feel
it's so important to share
this information now?
>>RICHARD: It's about
time it got out.
For years, I had
a security oath.
I signed a security oath--
and I have a copy of it that
I'll show you--
that says that I can't
talk about it for 25 years.
That was in 1988.
25 years expired
a long time ago,
and that's when I decided
the public needs to know.
Now they don't need
to know everything.
There's a lot of things that
I agree should be classified.
And I abide by that
classification.
>>EMERY: Absolutely.
>>RICHARD: But there's a lot
of things that we need to know,
that people are being
abducted out there.
And there's thousands at the--
in 1988, we knew of thousands of
people who were being abducted.
It's unfair for them to not know
why or who are abducting them
and what our government is
doing to try to prevent that.
What are you going to
do when you're abducted?
You're going to call
the FBI and tell the FBI
that I was abducted by aliens?
You know what the
FBI is going to do?
They're going to
think you're not--
and they're not going to
pay any attention to you.
If you call the government,
now, what would happen
is most likely if that FBI agent
has a certain level of security
clearance, he's going
to turn around and call
OSI on the phone and
tell OSI, you know,
I got a person that's
claimed to be abducted
at such a such address.
You might want to
pay them a visit.
The FBI is not going
to investigate it.
>>EMERY: Is there a
1-800 number for the OSI
for these types of events?
>>RICHARD: For federal
agencies there are, yeah.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
>>RICHARD: And then an OSI agent
or a US intelligence officer
will go and visit that person.
And then they'll vet
them to determine--
>>EMERY: Right.
>>RICHARD: Are they
telling the truth?
>>EMERY: Are they on something?
>>RICHARD: Are you on something?
Are you-- yeah.
>>EMERY: Do you feel that
disclosure is on the horizon?
And if so, what does
that mean for humanity?
>>RICHARD: I think
disclosure is.
I think the Tic-Tac
incident was the beginning.
I think that Harry
Reid's statement
about what he did when he
was a Senate majority leader
and minority leader and
what he was trying to do,
the amount of money that's
pushed into investigating
of these area phenomenon,
I think that's part of it.
But the problem is
the government's
not telling the truth
about a lot of this,
because we've been
investigating UFOs since 1947--
projects Grudge, project
Sign, Project Blue Book.
And in 1969, when
the Air Force said,
based on a condemn
report, we're not
going to investigate
them anymore
and asked another government
agency to take over.
DIA, which was fairly a new
agency, because they came in--
>>EMERY: Right.
>>RICHARD: --existence in 1961--
DIA stepped up, raised their
hand, and said, we'll do it.
We want to have a mission.
So the Air Force turned
everything over to DIA.
But the Air Force continued
to investigate it.
The Air Force would say in
a classified document to us,
you investigate
incidents that happened
on military installations,
involving military aircrafts,
near military
installations, involving
the threat to a
military installation,
or off-base involving
military personnel.
Those are the five
categories that we
were supposed to investigate.
But do you know how broadly
that can be determined?
If you were in the Air Force
and your sister was abducted
and you have a high level
security clearance, guess what?
We're going to investigate
that, because who
says your sister's not going
to back come back to you
and ask you for information
surreptitiously?
Maybe these agents,
maybe these people
that are abducting
these innocent people
are actually Russian
agents or Chinese agents--
>>EMERY: Right.
>>RICHARD: --or East German
back then, or whatever.
So we had to investigate it.
We would be negligent
in our duties
if we didn't investigate.
>>EMERY: Wow.
Thank you, Rick.
That was fantastic.
What a wealth of information.
Thanks for being on the show.
>>RICHARD: You're very welcome.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]